Requirements for Tasks to be completed for Iteration two:

DONE
1.	To help potential users, your system must offer a help menu with options to describe more details about the voting process and how your system works via a help menu. 
(Note: information displayed for help must be obtained from a text file and not hardcoded into the program)

DONE
2.	To prevent error in voting, staff must use a password before they can place a vote (each staff must have their own password).

DONE
3.	To keep a record of staff vote, a date timestamp for when staff voted must be recorded for each staff.

DONE
4.	To help identify departments candidates belong to, system must record department name for each a candidate to be elected, Departments at epic construction are: Admin, Construction, Design & build, Procurement, Finance and Management.

DONE
5.	To maintain the integrity of the voting process for when ballots are open, your system must check the date before accepting a vote from staff to ensure that is within the 7 days that staff are allowed to vote. 

DONE														DONE  DONE       DONE
6.	Provide functionality for the system administrator to add, view, and delete staff from the staff list stored in staff.txt file.

DONE 													DONE DONE      DONE
7.	Provide functionality for a system administrator to add, view, and delete Candidate from the candidate list stored in candidate.txt file.

DONE 180 lines worth							CANNOT ADD DATE RANGE  //has a default date instead
8.	Provide functionality for a system administrator to Add, view, update date range for when voting can take place.

DONE
9.	Provide functionality for system administrator to produce report for list of staff that have voted (including date voted) and staff that did not place a vote.


10.	At the completion of your project you are required to create a short status report (2 Pages) to describe:
	a.	Requirements that are completed   
	b.	Modification or addition to the above requirements
	c.	Requirements that are still to be completed
	d.	Explanation of changes you made to program design (ie: changes made to classes or file structure that impact the overall design of the system)
			-added a tab after dai jin on the staff.txt to fix alignment problem the short name caused
			-changed file structure of staff and candidate 
	
	e.	Step by step explanation for scenario of functionalities implemented/completed  (similar to information provided to you at completion of previous iteration in page 3 of this document)
